Shreya Gupta
RPA Developer

Noida
7726806846
sgshreya95@gmail.com | https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreya-gupta-30053b125

Summary
An ambitious RPA Developer with self-acquired knowledge in the relevant ﬁeld, keen to further explore the
developments taking place in the field of Robotic Process Automation.
Looking forward for a challenging position with an esteemed organization that provides opportunities to apply my
knowledge and skill set to contribute towards the growth of the organization and my professional development.

Core Competencies
Adaptability : Look for new ways of handling multiple tasks and tolerating time pressure
Problem-solving : able to develop solutions to situations that threaten to escalate into something potentially
serious.
Communication : able to help colleagues or stakeholders understand complex information and ideas
Team work : helping other members of the team to achieve a common goal quickly and effectively
Time-management : When reviewing my daily and weekly schedule, I allot ample time for the important and
balance it with the urgent

Work experience
Wipro

2017 - Present

Analyst
Over all 3 years of IT experience with 2.5 Years Experience in Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Well versed with various stages of SDLC and Agile Methodology.
Ability to understand business requirement and solution design document as input for development
Collaborate with business and technical SMEs to define automation, business rules and exceptions.
Attend status calls with client and getting inputs from them.
Active involvement in requirement change and UAT calls with customer
Ability to guide and work with other a team of developers and testers to implement automation solution.
Prepared RPA documents including PDD, SDD and TDD
Provide technical assistance by responding to inquiries and questions.
Strong interpersonal skills required to interact with clients, management and peers effectively

Skills
RPA Tools: UiPath Studio(2019.10.3), UiPath Orchestrator(2019.10.16), UiPath Robot (2019.10.3)
IDE : Visual Studio 2019, RE Framework
Database: SQL Server, IBM DB2
Languages : C#, VB.Net
Operating Systems: Windows 10
Tools: MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel)

Projects
Insurance Bill Generation
Developer Tool : UiPath, RE Framework, Visual Studio, Excel, Orchestrator, Outlook, PDF
Duration : July 2020 - October 2020

Payroll Reporting
Developer Tool : UiPath, RE Framework, Visual Studio, Excel, Orchestrator, Outlook, PDF
Duration : December 2019 - March 2020
Invoice Management
Developer Tool : UiPath, Visual Studio, Excel, Orchestrator, Outlook, PDF
Duration : September 2019 - November 2019
UPoint Enrollment Flows
Developer Tool : UiPath, RE Framework, SQL Server, Visual Studio, Excel, Outlook
Duration : December 2018 - July 2019
Helpdesk Ticket Creation
Developer Tool : UiPath, Excel, Outlook
Duration : June 2018 - October 2018
Credit Card Processing
Developer Tool : UiPath, Excel, Outlook
Duration : April 2018 - May 2018
Responsibilities :
Implemented end to end Robotics Process Automation (RPA) using UiPath
Requirement gathering of AS-IS process.
Good hands-on experience in different types of Robotic process automation such as Web, Email, Excel and
PDF using UiPath .
Design and development of the solution using enhanced RE framework integrated with SQL Server.
Hands on experience in creating custom activities using C# in Visual Studio
Created reusable components using VB.net in UiPath
Hands on experience in various techniques like screen scraping, data scraping, recording for automating
processes
Deployed the process in Orchestrator and scheduled their execution.
Used Data tables and Queues as input to collect information from orchestrator to perform additional tasks.

Education
JECRC University
B.Tech, Computer Science and Engineering
Jaipur, Rajasthan
Graduated July 2017
8.77 CGPA
Kids Corner School
Intermediate School
Firozabad, Uttar Pradesh
Graduated March 2013
CBSE Board - 80%

St. John's School
High School
Firozabad, Uttar Pradesh
Graduated March 2011
CBSE Board - 9.2 CGPA

Certifications
Foundation Training (UiPath Level 1)
Certification Body : Diploma of Completion Foundation 2018.3 Training
Year : 2019
Orchestrator Training (UiPath Level 2)
Certification Body : Diploma of Completion Orchestrator 2018.3 Training
Year : 2019

Created with

