Shreyansh Hosalkar
Add: B-302, Nakshatra bldg., Suyog nagar, Opp. Mount Carmel School,Vasai West,401202
Email: shreyansh.hosalkar@gmail.com
Mob: 8097135970

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
Secure a responsible career opportunity to fully utilize my training and skills, while making a significant contribution
to the success of the company.

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:
Ø 2.2 years of extensive experience of RPA and related technologies like Automation Anywhere 11.3, Microsoft
Power Automate,Softomotive’s Process Robot & WinAutomation and ASG ZENITH
Ø Has good experience on Python,VBScript, JavaScript and SQL database
Ø Has good knowledge of Automation anywhere workbench, Control Room, IQ Bot, Audit and error Logging
techniques.
Ø Has good knowledge of Softomotive Process Robot Studio, Control Room, Credential manager and Audit
logs.
Ø Has completed few successful POC as per the client requirements.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
RPA Developer

Client : TATA CAPITAL LTD

Tool – Automation Anywhere 11.3
Role – Identifying the scope for RPA, Development of RPA processes and providing support and maintenance for
existing processes and resolve the project issues.
RPA Process List:
• Loan termination- Developed an automation process in Automation Anywhere tool for terminating various types
of loans. The SFDC cases report is pulled from the SFDC portal every day. Another report i.e. Collection Dump
report is downloaded from TCL Reporting portal. This report is used to check the active loan contracts available.
After removing the closed contracts, the maker process is carried out for all the Loan Contract number present in
the case ID report. The loan termination process takes place for maturity closure and Foreclosure. This process
has around 10 % of human intervention (for entering CAPTCHA in SFDC Portal) and has reduced the efforts of
business user by almost 90 %.
• Dummy Clearance: Developed an automation process in Automation Anywhere tool to extract the data from
SAP and generate excel based MIS report. Business team generate list of Dummy GL accounts from SAP and
convert the output into Excel based MIS based on regions, Branch and Amount. Once the MIS report is
generated, the report is segregated as per the condition defined. This process has almost zero manual
intervention and had reduced the efforts of user by almost 92%.
• Excess payment refund – Developed an automation process in Automation Anywhere tool to check the excess
amount which customer paid and then user process to refund that excess amount back to customer. This
process has zero human intervention and had reduced the efforts of user by almost 95%.
RPA Developer

Client: HDFC LTD

Tool – Softomotive Process Robot v2019 and Microsoft Power Automate
Role- Identify, prioritize, and scope RPA opportunities with stakeholders across the organization's enterprise and
oversee project delivery across the life cycle including providing guidance to delivery teams and resolving project
issues as escalated.
RPA Process List:
• RERA (Extracting project details): Developed an automation process in Softomotive process robot tool on Real
Estate Government portal to extract the developers and buildings details from website and submit extracted
data into database in the form of JSON. The process runs throughout the day and has no manual intervention
and had reduced the user efforts by almost 95%.

•

•

•

•

•

CERSAI: Developed an automation in Softomotive process robot tool to enter the loan details in portal of an
cersai. It was primarily created to check frauds in lending against equitable mortgages, in which people would
take multiple loans on the same asset from different banks. This process runs once a week and has negligible
manual intervention and had reduced the efforts of business user by almost 92%.
Bank Statements: Developed an automation process in Softomotive process robot tool to download the Bank
statements from banks website, perform some data massaging operation on the statements and store the
statements into the database. This process runs once in a day and has no manual intervention and has reduced
the efforts of user by 98%.
GST: Developed an automation process in Softomotive process robot to extract the data from GST website and
store the extracted data into the database. This process run once in a day and has zero manual intervention and
has reduced the efforts of business user by 100%.
CMS Collection: Developed an automation process in Softomotive Process robot tool to download the Cheque
statements (Cheque Deposits details) from the mail server, perform few data massaging operation and upload
the statements into the database. This process run throughout the day with zero manual intervention and has
reduced 100 % efforts from business user.
GST return Bulk Emails: Developed an automation process in Softomotive Process robot tool to send the mail to
1000’s of user at once with dynamic data. This process run once in a week and has zero manual intervention and
had reduced the efforts of user by almost 98%.

EDUCATION:
MCA
N.M.I.T.D, Mumbai

Jan 2019
CGPA: 7.54

BSC-IT
M.L.Dahanukar College, Mumbai

June 2015
Marks: 55%

TOOLS & TECHNOLOGIES:
Technology: RPA
Languages: JavaScript,VBScript,Python.

Databases: SQL Server, MYSQL
Tools: Softomotive(ProcessRobot,WinAutomation),
Automation Anywhere, IQ Bot, Power Automate.

CERTIFICATIONS
•
•
•

Automation Anywhere Advanced
Automation anywhere Master
Softomotive Diploma version 2019

SOFT SKILLS & INTERESTS:
•
•
•
•

Optimistic mind set looking for an opportunity in every problem.
Flexible team player with efficient communication skills who prospers in a fast paced environment.
Proven problem solving /troubleshooting skills.
Good interpersonal and organization skills.

